Our bodies are our temples. We are not less but more like Heavenly
Father because we are embodied. I testify that we are His children,
made in His image, with the potential to become like Him. Let us treat
this divine gift of the body with great care. Someday, if we are worthy,
we shall receive a perfected, glorious body--pure and clean like my new
little granddaughter, only inseparably bound to the spirit. And we shall
shout for joy (see  Job 38:7) to receive this gift again for which we
have longed (see D&C 138:50). May we respect the sanctity of the body
during mortality so that the Lord may sanctify and exalt it for eternity.
     -- Susan W. Tanner
%
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose.
%
Your thoughts will determine your actions, and so they must be
controlled. It's difficult to control those thoughts if you submit
yourself to temptation.
     -- Ezra Taft Benson
%
However much faith to obey God we now have, we will need to strengthen
it continually and keep it refreshed constantly. We can do that
by deciding now to be more quick to obey and more determined to
endure. Learning to start early and to be steady are the keys to spiritual
preparation. Procrastination and inconsistency are its mortal enemies.

Let me suggest to you four settings in which to practice quick and
steady obedience. One is the command to feast upon the word of God. A
second is to pray always. A third is the commandment to be a full-tithe
payer. And the fourth is to escape from sin and its terrible effects. Each
takes faith to start and then to persevere. And all can strengthen your
capacity to know and obey the Lord's commands.
     -- Henry B Eyring
%
As we pursue our journeys, let us ever bear in mind that in train
travel and in life, there are stations, there are departures, calls,
schedules, and opportunities for being side-tracked and diverted. Wise
is the individual who follows in his, the Savior's, paths. Safety and
joy belong to those who will come and follow him. I bear witness to you
today that God is eternal. We are eternal, and God never intended for
us to travel alone.
     -- Marvin J Ashton
%
As the thought is father to the deed, exposure can lead to acting out
what is nurtured in the mind.
     -- David B Haight
%
The best way to improve our lives is to improve our thoughts.
     -- Sterling W Sill
%
We have been given agency, we have been given the blessings of the
priesthood, and we have been given the Light of Christ and the Holy
Ghost for a reason. That reason is our growth and happiness in this
world and eternal life in the world to come. Today I ask, have we
received that Spirit? Are we following on the strait and narrow path
that leads to God and eternal life? Are we holding onto the iron rod,
or are we going another way? I testify that how we choose to feel and
think and act every day is the way we get on the path, and stay on it,
until we reach our eternal destination.
     -- Robert D Hales
%
This ability and willingness properly to rear children, the gift to
love, and eagerness, yes, longing to express it in soul development,
make motherhood the noblest office or calling in the world.
     -- David O McKay
%
Every thought that one permits through his mind leaves its trace.
     -- Spencer W Kimball
%
The Melchisedek Priesthood comprehends the Aaronic or Levitical
Priesthood, and is the grand head, and holds the highest authority
which pertains to the Priesthood, and the keys of the Kingdom of God in
all ages of the world to the latest posterity on the earth, and is the
channel through which all knowledge, doctrine, the plan of salvation,
and every important matter is revealed from heaven.
     -- Joseph Smith
%
God watches the times and seasons. He knows your individual bearing
capacities. . . .You can have full faith and trust in God, His mercy
and goodness.
     -- Neal A Maxwell
%
Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give
you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and
lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls
     -- Jesus Christ
%
I am grateful that through the infinite fairness and love of God,
all men and women were given equal partnership, gifts, blessings, and
potential through priesthood ordinances and spiritual gifts. Because
of the priesthood, which is woven in and around and through our lives,
every power, every covenant we need to do our life's work and walk back
to our heavenly home has been poured out upon our heads.
     -- Julie B Beck
%
Remember, you are today where your thoughts have brought you. You will
be tomorrow, and the next day, and everyday where your thoughts will
take you.
     -- Thorpe B Isaacson
%
No system can long command the loyalties of men that does not expect of
them certain measures of discipline, and particularly self-discipline. The
cost in comfort may be great. The sacrifice may be real. But this very
demanding reality is the substance of which come character and strength
and nobility.
     -- Gordon B Hinckley
%
Character is determined by the extent to which we can master ourselves
toward good ends.
     -- N Eldon Tanner
%
As the plant which produces the beautiful flower grows from a seed,
so every act of man springs from the hidden seed of thought.
     -- Howard W Hunter
%
It seems clear that the essence of our duty and the fundamental
requirement of our mortal life is captured in these brief phrases from
any number of scenes in the Savior's mortal ministry. He is saying to
us, 'Trust me, learn of me, do what I do. Then, when you walk where I
am going,' He says, 'we can talk about where you are going, and the
problems you face and the troubles you have. If you will follow me,
I will lead you out of darkness,' He promises. 'I will give you answers
to your prayers. I will give you rest to your souls.'
     -- Jeffrey R Holland
%
In latter-day revelation the Lord speaks again of this obligation. He
said, 'Thou shalt love thy wife with all thy heart, and shalt cleave unto
her and none else' (D&C 42:22). To my knowledge there is only one other
thing in all scripture that we are commanded to love with all our hearts,
and that is God Himself. Think what that means! . .  .

What does it mean to love someone with all your heart? It means to love
with all your emotional feelings and with all your devotion. Surely
when you love your wife with all your heart, you cannot demean her,
criticize her, find fault with her, or abuse her by words, sullen
behavior, or actions.

What does it mean to 'cleave unto her'? It means to stay close to her,
to be loyal and faithful to her, to communicate with her, and to express
your love for her.

Love means being sensitive to her feelings and needs. She wants to be
noticed and treasured.  She wants to be told that you view her as lovely
and attractive and important to you. Love means putting her welfare and
self-esteem as a high priority in your life.
     -- Ezra Taft Benson
%
If a child does not learn discipline and responsibility in the home,
he will not learn it elsewhere.
     -- James M Roche
%
A man can do nothing for himself unless God direct him in the right way;
and the priesthood is for that purpose.
     -- Joseph Smith
%
He who reigns within himself and rules his passions, desires, and fears,
is more than a king.
     -- John Milton
%
There is no secrets of our soul, which can not be revealed by our actions.
     -- Lao Tse
%
People do not lack strength; they lack will.
     -- Victor Hugo
%
It is a wicked, wicked world in which we live and in which our children
must find their way. Challenges of pornography, gender confusion,
immorality, child abuse, drug addiction, and all the rest are everywhere.
There is no way to escape from their influence.

Some are led by curiosity into temptation, then into experimentation,
and some become trapped in addiction. They lose hope. The adversary
harvests his crop and binds them down.

Satan is the deceiver, the destroyer, but his is a temporary victory.

The angels of the devil convince some that they are born to a life from
which they cannot escape and are compelled to live in sin. The most
wicked of lies is that they cannot change and repent and that they will
not be forgiven. That cannot be true. They have forgotten the Atonement
of Christ.

'For, behold, the Lord your Redeemer suffered death in the flesh;
wherefore he suffered the pain of all men, that all men might repent
and come unto him' (D&C 18:11).

Christ is the Creator, the Healer. What He made, He can fix. The gospel
of Jesus Christ is the gospel of repentance and forgiveness (see 2 Nephi
1:13; 2 Nephi 9:45; Jacob 3:11; Alma 26:13-14; Moroni 7:17-19).

'Remember the worth of souls is great in the sight of God' (D&C 18:10).
     -- Boyd K Packer
%
The purpose of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is
to help all of the children of God understand their potential and
achieve their highest destiny. This church exists to provide the sons
and daughters of God with the means of entrance into and exaltation in
the celestial kingdom. This is a family-centered church in doctrine and
practices. . . . Our theology begins with heavenly parents. Our highest
aspiration is to be like them. Under the merciful plan of the Father,
all of this is possible through the atonement of the Only Begotten of
the Father, our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. . . . The fulness of
eternal salvation is a family matter.
     -- Dallin H Oaks
%
[A] reliance upon the merciful nature of God is at the very center of
the gospel Christ taught. I testify that the Savior's Atonement lifts
from us not only the burden of our sins but also the burden of our
disappointments and sorrows, our heartaches and our despair (see Alma
7:11-12). From the beginning, trust in such help was to give us both a
reason and a way to improve, an incentive to lay down our burdens and
take up our salvation. There can and will be plenty of difficulties
in life. Nevertheless, the soul that comes unto Christ, who knows His
voice and strives to do as He did, finds a strength, as the hymn says,
'beyond [his] own' ("Lord, I Would Follow Thee," Hymns, no. 220). The
Savior reminds us that He has 'graven [us] upon the palms of [His]
hands' (1 Nephi 21:16). Considering the incomprehensible cost of the
Crucifixion and Atonement, I promise you He is not going to turn His
back on us now. When He says to the poor in spirit, 'Come unto me,' He
means He knows the way out and He knows the way up. He knows it because
He has walked it. He knows the way because He is the way.
     -- Jeffrey R Holland
%
We learn to pray by praying. One can devote countless hours to examining
the experiences of others, but nothing penetrates the human heart as
does a personal, fervent prayer and its heaven-sent response.
     -- Thomas S Monson
%
To all who walk the pathway of life, our Heavenly Father cautions:
beware the detours, the pitfalls, the traps. Cunningly positioned are
those cleverly disguised maka-fekes [octopus lures] beckoning us to grasp
them and to lose that which we most desire. Do not be deceived. Pause
to pray. Listen to that still, small voice which speaks to the depths
of our souls the Master's gentle invitation, 'Come, follow me' (Luke
18:22). By doing so, we turn from destruction, from death, and find
happiness and life everlasting.
     -- Thomas S Monson
%
My desire today is for all of us--not just those who are 'poor in spirit'
but all of us--to have more straightforward personal experience with
the Savior's example.  Sometimes we seek heaven too obliquely, focusing
on programs or history or the experience of others. Those are important
but not as important as personal experience, true discipleship, and the
strength that comes from experiencing firsthand the majesty of His touch.
     -- Jeffrey R Holland
%
The Melchizedek High Priesthood was no other than the Priesthood of
the Son of God; that there are certain ordinances which belong to the
Priesthood, from which flow certain results; and the Presidents or
Presidency are over the Church; and revelations of the mind and will
of God to the Church, are to come through the Presidency. This is the
order of heaven, and the power and privilege of this Priesthood.
     -- Joseph Smith, Jun.
%
The standard is clear. If something we think, see, hear, or do distances
us from the Holy Ghost, then we should stop thinking, seeing, hearing,
or doing that thing. If that which is intended to entertain, for
example, alienates us from the Holy Spirit, then certainly that type of
entertainment is not for us. Because the Spirit cannot abide that which
is vulgar, crude, or immodest, then clearly such things are not for us.
Because we estrange the Spirit of the Lord when we engage in activities
we know we should shun, then such things definitely are not for us.
     -- David A Bednar
%
We all face choices in the course of our lives, some of them with a siren
song of wealth and prosperity; others appear less promising. Somehow the
Lord has watched over and guided my choices, although it was not always
evident at the time. . . .

As I look back upon my life, I do so with a measure of wonder and
awe. Everything good that has happened, including my marriage, I owe to
my activity in the Church.
     -- Gordon B Hinckley
%
We must try harder to be a holy people. We live in the fulness
of times. So much has been restored through the Prophet Joseph
Smith. This places upon us a special relationship to the Lord. We are
the beneficiaries, guardians, and caretakers of these responsibilities
under the delegation, authority, and direction of President Hinckley,
who holds all the keys. As children of the Lord we should strive every day
to rise to a higher level of personal righteousness in all of our actions.
     -- James E Faust
%
Are we likening all of our children's gospel experiences to the real needs
in their lives? Are we teaching them about the gift of the Holy Ghost,
repentance, the Atonement, the sacrament, and the blessing of sacrament
meeting as they meet the challenges in their lives? There is not enough
time in formal meetings to teach our children everything they need to
know. Therefore, we must take advantage of everyday teaching moments.

These moments are priceless. They come when we are working, playing,
and struggling together. When they come, the Spirit of the Lord can help
us know what to say and help our children accept our teaching.
     -- Robert D. Hales
